How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The plus "+" and "-" notation to show the diffrences helped me to check if 
    i have made correct changes at the correct places and helped me identify the typo.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    sometimes when trying out a new idea in the code makes us change the previous code.
    having access to the entire history makes it efficient because if the new idea
    doesn't work out ,i don't have to type my whole code again instead i just have to
    look at the history.
    
    

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    cons-
    people can be forgetful and forget to commit a big logical change.
    
    pros-
    having a fixed time limit to save changes may lead to too few commits or too
    many commits as the work we do is not constant over time and depends on many factors.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    some files are inter-related and change done to one file may require changes
    in the other file. saving multiple files in one commit allows us to see if the 
    correct changes were done or not.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log tells us the commits we have made , their id's
    and  the message that tells what changes were done in that commit.
    we can use these id's and git diff to see what changes were actually made to the code.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    version control makes me more confident to make changes because i know even 
    if i break something i have an older version that worked correctly.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    to save different versions of my code so that i'mfree to try out new 
   ideas without the fear that i will lose my progress.